# Release Notes

## [Unreleased]

## [v2.0.0] – 2025-03-31

- Added: Feedback Form
- Added: Document uploads now support text files (.txt, .md, etc.).
- Added: Internet Search functionality added and moved to the chatbox.
- Added: Files can now be deleted from a chat.
- Added: Files are now visible in the chatbox.
- Fixed: Tool editing icons are now shown based on user permissions.
- Fixed: Improved feedback when attempting to upload files that exceed size limits.
- Added: Support for Personas, which are user-guided AI assistants tailored via specific prompts.
- Added: Ability to share personas via a link.
- Added: Introduced a changelog to track updates.
- Added: Suppport for a Prompt Library, which allows users to create prompt templates - statements or questions meant to help users get creative without having to come up with ideas from scratch.
- Added: "Published" information for Admin when managing personas, prompts, extensions, and articles.
- Refactored: Updated code to support newer versions of many different packages, fixing known vulnerabilities.
- Added: Articles section for useful information, along with admin page to administer/publish articles.
- Added: Smart chat titles generated by AI based on initial content of the chat.

## [v1.5.0] – 2025-01-07

- Added: Improved UI and user experience.
- Changed: GPT-4o is now useds, instead of GPT-3.5.
- Added: The ability to upload documents and chat about them.
- Added: Integration with Okta for user authentication.
- Added: Integration of DALL·E 3 for image creation based on text descriptions, with automatic handling of prompts for generating images.
